in this context;
    - #command is an example #command object
    - #command has some instructions in it.
    - when user query starts with '#' then find its instructions and apply them.

standard backgammon game!
    - player:
        id: {id}, 
        hand: [{index}: {checkerCount}],
        hit slot: 0

    turn: 
        - player: {id}, 
        - dice: [],
        - moves:  [ from: {index}, to: {index} ]
        - calculatedMoves:  [ from: {index}, to: {index} ]

#startBackgammon({player1Id}, {player2Id})
    1. initialize the players' hands. both must be [6: 5, 8: 3, 13: 5, 24: 2]
    2. generate a random number from 1 to 6 (both included) and set as each player's first die
    3. set the turn 
    4. prompt a warning message that contains current turn player id. (make it bold also)
    5. #calculatePossibleMoves
    6. #printBoard

#move(player: {playerId}, moves: [{from: {index}, to: {index}}])
    1. for each move, get "from" number and validate that {playerId} has checkers on that point (player.hand[from]). if validation fails, then only prompt WRONG MOVE!
    2. for each move, get "to" number and check if opponent has any checkers on hand{"24-{to}"} (24-to is necessary).
        if opponent has more than 1 checkers on target slot 
            - then it is not allowed. do nothing. prompt a warning message you choose.
        if opponent has 1 checker on target slot, then remove opponent's checker and increase opponent's hitSlot count.
    3. for each move, increase "to" point count and reduce "from" point count

#printBoard
    prompt below: 
    ```
        Player 1 (ID: {id}) Hand: ({player.hand})
        Player 2 (ID: {id}) Hand: ({player.hand})

        Current Turn: **Player {current turn player id}**
        Possible Movessss
    ```

#calculatePossibleMoves
    1. For each die in the roll:
        Check each checker in the player's home board:
            - If the player has checkers on the bar (hit slot), they must first move those checkers back into play.
            - If the player doesn't have any checkers on the bar, check each point on the board to find possible moves.
    
    2. For each point on the board:
        Check if there are checkers owned by the player:
            - If there are checkers, check if the player can move a checker from that point based on the roll of the dice.
            - If the point is empty, check if the player can bear off a checker from the corresponding point (using the exact dice roll).
    
    3. Consider bearing off:
        - If the player has checkers in their home board and all checkers are in points lower than the highest roll of the dice, they can bear off a checker from the highest point.
    
    4. Generate possible move combinations:
        - Consider all possible combinations of moves based on the dice roll. For example, if the player rolled a 3 and a 4, they can make moves like [from: 3, to: 6], [from: 4, to: 8], [from: 8, to: 11], etc.
    
    5. Validate moves:
        - Ensure that each move is valid according to the backgammon rules, considering the position of the opponent's checkers, the hit slot, and the target points.
    
    6. Present the possible moves:
        - Provide a list of valid moves for the player to choose from.





---------------
i want to provide backgammon game play by training you 
in order to manage all backgammon process between two users.

i will define some custom functions and will give you as user queries.

we need a plan. make a to do list and manage for me!

-------------------
Backgammon Basics:
Board Setup:

Backgammon is played on a board with 24 narrow triangles called points.
Each player has 15 checkers of a distinct color.
Starting Positions:

Players set up their checkers on the board according to a specific pattern.
The checkers move in opposite directions along the board.
Objective:

The goal is to move all your checkers around the board and bear them off before your opponent.
Movement:

Players roll two six-sided dice to determine the movement of their checkers.
A player can move a checker the number of points shown on each die, either separately or combined.
Legal Moves:

A player can move to any point that is open or occupied only by their own checkers.
If a player rolls the same number on both dice, they make four moves instead of two.
Hitting and Entering:

If a point is occupied by a single opposing checker, it can be hit, sending the opponent's checker to the bar.
The opponent must then re-enter the game by rolling the dice and placing the checker in the corresponding point.
Bearing Off:

Once a player has moved all their checkers to their home board (the last six points), they can start bearing off.
A player bears off a checker by rolling a number corresponding to the point on which the checker resides.
Doubling Cube (Optional):

Players can use a doubling cube to increase the stakes of the game.
A player can propose to double the current stakes, and their opponent can accept or resign.
Winning:

The first player to bear off all their checkers wins.
If the game includes a doubling cube, the winner receives points equal to the current stakes on the cube.
Additional Rules:
Gammons and Backgammons:

If a player bears off all their checkers before the opponent bears off any, it's a gammon and scores double.
If a player bears off all their checkers while their opponent still has checkers in the winner's home board or on the bar, it's a backgammon and scores triple.
Automatic Doubles:

If the same number is rolled on both dice in the first roll of the game, the stakes are automatically doubled.

-------------------
Backgammon Board Layout:
Points:

The board consists of 24 points arranged in a triangular pattern.
Each player's home board is the inner quarter of the board, and the outer quarter is the opponent's home board.
Quadrants:

The board is divided into four quadrants, each containing six points.
Quadrants are labeled as follows:
Quadrant 1 (Q1): Player 1's home board (lower right)
Quadrant 2 (Q2): Player 1's outer board (upper right)
Quadrant 3 (Q3): Player 2's outer board (upper left)
Quadrant 4 (Q4): Player 2's home board (lower left)
Home Boards:

Each player has a home board consisting of the last six points in their respective quadrants.
The player's home board is where checkers are placed before they can be borne off.
Bar:

The bar is the center dividing line between the two halves of the board.
When a checker is hit, it goes to the bar and must re-enter from there.
Outer Boards:

The outer boards are the sections of the board outside the home boards.
Players move their checkers from their outer board to their home board as they advance toward bearing off.
Pips:

Pips represent the total number of points a player's checkers need to travel to reach their home board.
The number of pips is counted based on the shortest path to the home board.
Checker Movement:
Checkers move in opposite directions along the board, following the numbering of the points.
The movement is controlled by the roll of two six-sided dice.
A player may move a single checker for each die or combine the numbers to move one checker.
Starting Positions:
Each player starts with 15 checkers placed on specific points:

2 on the 24-point
5 on the 13-point
3 on the 8-point
5 on the 6-point
The initial setup is symmetrical for both players.

Home Board and Bearing Off:
The player's home board is where checkers are moved before being borne off.
To bear off, a player must roll a number corresponding to the point on which the checker resides.
Optional Doubling Cube:
If using a doubling cube, it starts in the center with the number 64 facing up.
The doubling cube is used to increase the stakes of the game.
This layout provides the structure for the movement and positioning of checkers in a backgammon game. Understanding the board layout is crucial for implementing the game logic accurately.


-----------------
1. Moving Checkers:
Players roll two six-sided dice to determine the number of points a checker can move.
A player may move a single checker the number of points shown on each die, either separately or combined.
The movement can be split between two checkers if the player chooses.
Checkers move in opposite directions along the board:
Player 1's checkers move from higher point numbers to lower ones.
Player 2's checkers move from lower point numbers to higher ones.
2. Bearing Off:
Once a player has moved all their checkers into their home board (the last six points), they can start bearing off.
To bear off, a player must roll a number corresponding to the point on which the checker resides in the home board.
If a player rolls a higher number than the point where a checker is located, they bear off the checker.
If there are no checkers on the point corresponding to the roll, the player must make a legal move using a checker from a higher-numbered point.
3. Hitting Opponents:
If a player lands on a point occupied by a single opposing checker, the opponent's checker is "hit."
The hit checker is placed on the bar, and the opponent must re-enter it into the game.
The opponent re-enters by rolling the dice and placing the checker on the corresponding point in their home board.
A player cannot move any other checkers until all their hit checkers are back in play.
4. Doubling (Optional):
The doubling cube is an optional component used to increase the stakes of the game.
At the start of the game, the doubling cube is placed in the center with the number 64 facing up.
After a player's move, they have the option to propose to double the stakes.
The opponent can either accept the double and continue the game at the new stakes or resign, forfeiting the current game.
If the opponent accepts, they take control of the doubling cube, and only they can propose the next double.
If a player resigns, the opponent wins the current game with the stakes on the doubling cube.
Additional Notes:
If a player rolls the same number on both dice (doubles), they make four moves instead of two.
Gammons and backgammons can affect the scoring in games with the doubling cube.



------------------
